I decided to create a home office setup that I created on a round table for the 3D project. In the scene I included four major objects, these objects included a laptop, coffee mug, mouse, and a book. I utilized these objects because they use different shapes and forms that are recognizable. This would give me the opportunity to showcase complex techniques that I would learn throughout the course. 
	Each object required thoughtful design and different modeling challenges. The coffee mug required a cylinder body and a half torus for the handle. I also had to add a full torus on the top of the cylinder to give it the rounded lip look. This was the first object I experimented with where you take multiple primitive objects to create a more complex object. The laptop consists of two box meshes. One was for the keyboard, and the other was for the monitor. I connected the two pieces with a cylinder that functioned as the hinge. For the mouse I utilized a sphere that was stretched and flattened out. I added the torus to recreate the scroll wheel. The sphere shape enabled me to recreate the ergonomic look for the mouse. The book was created with box shapes stacked on top of each other. I wanted the book to have the look of pages with a binder that slightly overlapped the pages. 
	To enhance interaction, I created a camera system that allowed users to navigate using the keyboard and mouse. The mouse is used like in first person shooter games as a directional controller. The keyboard utilizes the WASD setup to move forward backwards and side to side. Q and E are used for vertically down and upward motion. 
I kept the code modular to enhance readability. This made it easy to add and adjust when I was creating. The first key function I used was SetTransformations(), which adjusted the shapes scale, rotation, and position within the scene. Then I implemented a SetShaderMaterial() function, this allowed setup and applied material properties that would dictate how ambient and specular lights would react to the different meshes. Then Lastly, we had SetShaderTexture() which was used to add realistic texture to bring the scene to life. For instance, I created plastic material to simulate objects that would give off some shine from the light. I utilized the keyboard texture to recreate the touch pad and keyboard on the laptop. I created a texture to recreate the bezel and monitor. I originally had my cup empty but then added a cappuccino texture to simulate a full cup. 
With the code being modular, If I wanted to change how lighting interacts with a certain material, I would just go to that single function and update it. This also allows for easier upgrades like animated transformations and dynamic lighting. In the end the project allowed me to recreate a real-world experience of OpenGL modeling utilizing shader management, lighting, and camera control. The use of primitive geometric shapes is a powerful tool that can create immersive personal scenes. In the end this project has laid the foundation for future interactive 3D development. 
